= SoftAttributes

Calculated fields are usually not stored in the database. But, in many cases, you would want to
treat them just like attributes - serializing them into the xml/json representation, discarding them
if they appear on the incoming xml/json payloads, lazily initializing them (in case you are loading
them from an expensive ActiveResource call), etc. You will also want to access them by either methods
or [] notation.

== GOALS

The major distinguishing features of SoftAttributes are:

* To not pollute the attributes hash by putting non-persisted variables in them.
* But at the same time, to maintain a list of attributes that can get accessed.
* These attributes could be lazily loaded (and cached in the instance, once they
  are retrieved - to avoid multiple ActiveResource calls)
* To provide an easy way to inject them into the xml/json payload as needed.

== EXAMPLE

class Foo
  #will define a setter method that ignores the param
  noop_setter :bar
end

== API DOCUMENTATION

== CONTRIBUTORS

* {Vijay Aravamudhan}[http://github.com/vraravam]

== LICENSE

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2010 Vijay Aravamudhan

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
